CIE-4483 (#894)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/edge/remote-connectivity.md

---
weight: 40
title: Connecting Cumulocity IoT Edge to the cloud
layout: bundle
---

> This section describes configuring and managing your Edge appliance remotely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes how to configure and manage your Edge appliance remotely.
```
